Group config info about the alias (#2258)
YunoHost/doc: pages/02.administer/15.admin_guide/20.users/05.groups_and_permissions/groups_and_permissions.md

Using groups is however useful for semantics, for example if you host multiple groups of friends, associations or businesses on your server, you might want to create groups like `association1` and `association2` and add members of each association to the relevant group.

The user group can use a *group list* to send mails to multiple user. This feature is only available with the cli.
To show all information and mailing alias about a specific group : 
```shell
yunohost user group info group_name

> ```

Reviewer: It's also possible to define mail aliases for a group, such that mails sent to `group@domain.tld` will be dispatched to all members of the group.

```
[/ui-tab]
[/ui-tabs]

### Config alias group

> Each group can use any mail alias. By default, the admin groups have any alias `admins@domain.tld`, `root@domain.tld`... to show all alias set, user the command `info`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each group can use mail aliases, but their configuration is only available from the CLI so far. For example, the `admins` group is configured with aliases such as `admins@domain.tld`, `root@domain.tld`... : mails sent to these addresses will be dispatched to all members of the `admins` group. The command `yunohost user group info` will list them :
```

```shell
$ yunohost user group info admins
  [...]
  mail-aliases:

>     - root
>     - admin
>     - admins
>     - webmaster
>     - postmaster
>     - abuse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - root@maindomain.tld
    - admin@maindomain.tld
    - admins@maindomain.tld
    - webmaster@maindomain.tld
    - postmaster@maindomain.tld
    - abuse@maindomain.tld
```

  [...]
```

> To add a new mail, user the arguments `add-mailalias` or to delete it `remove-mailalias`.
> ```shell
> $ yunohost user group add-mailalias <group> alias@<maindomain>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new alias, use the action `add-mailalias`, or `remove-mailalias` to delete it.
```shell
$ yunohost user group add-mailalias <group> <address@domain.tld>
```
```
